Source: https://coralogix.com/faq-coralogix-ai-tools/

FAQs Coralogix AI Tools - Coralogix Skip to content The new standard of observability is here. Discover Olly, the industry's first Autonomous Observability Agent. → Platform Platform overview Platform overview Platform capabilities Remote, index-free querying Infinite retention DataPrime engine In-stream analysis & alerting Cross-stack dashboards Cost optimization tool Zero instrumentation System APM Service catalog DB monitoring Service map Serverless APM Continuous profiling Dependencies SLO management Real user monitoring Error tracking Session replay Core web vitals Measurements Network monitoring Versions Infrastructure monitoring Infrastructure explorer Fleet Management Log analytics Log templating Parsing rules Data enrichment Data Pipeline AI AI discovery AI observability Evaluation engine Dashboards Session explorer Cost tracking AI guardrails Quality guardrails Security guardrails AI for security and compliance AI-SPM Compliance reporting Security SIEM MDR Solutions Use cases Edge security Kubernetes monitoring CDN monitoring CI/CD Acceleration AI hallucinations IT operations Data pipeline services ServiceNow The EU Data Act Industries Finance Video & streaming Ecommerce Healthcare Gaming Transportation Cyber security Federal Technology AWS Azure GCP Kubernetes Heroku Developers Docs Guides Getting started with Coralogix Integration packages DataPrime beginner’s guide Account management View all docs Developer resources Coralogix Academy Integrations Compliance Popular integrations OpenTelemetry AWS ALB Azure GCP View all 300+ integrations Pricing Customers Company Company About Careers Events & webinars Newsroom Support Partners Resources E-books & whitepapers Guides AI guides Blog Walking the OpenTelemetry Tightrope February 18, 2026 Virtual Register Now! Sign In Meet Olly Sign In " > --> --> FAQs Coralogix AI Tools December 5, 2025 Coralogix offers powerful AI solutions in accordance with its Terms and Conditions and AI Tools Acceptable Use Policy Cora AI Cora AI is an optional suite of features which are built-in directly on top of the Coralogix UI. It helps you create queries, interpret logs and receive answers from documentation. It can be toggled on and off (individually per tool or together as a full suite) at any time in the settings. It includes 3 features: AI DataPrime Query Assistance Create searches using plain English, with guided suggestions that automatically translate your intent into accurate DataPrime queries. Explain Logs Understand logs easily. It will break down log data into simple, clear terms to help you quickly find and fix issues. Knowledge Assistant Get instant, smart answers from your internal documentation, knowledge base, and past incidents—right when you need them. The AI Center AI Center is a service for monitoring your AI systems' performance, security, compliance, and cost. Located as a tab in the top bar of the Coralogix UI. Integrate your desired AI projects into the Coralogix platform and send spans in the same way you send other traces to Coralogix. The AI Center includes: AI Evaluation Engine Checks every prompt and response for accuracy, security, and compliance automatically. You can customize it for your needs. Uses Azure OpenAI for processing. AI-SPM (Security Posture Management) Monitors real-time AI security issues like prompt injections, data leaks, and personal data exposure using simple dashboards. User Journey &#038; Cost Tracking Keeps an eye on user activity and token use to spot issues and control costs. Performance Metrics Flags slow, inaccurate, or risky AI behavior so teams can fix problems fast and maintain a smooth user experience. Meet Olly &#8211; Coralogix’s AI observability agent. Olly is a standalone AI agent that connects to your Coralogix observability data; logs, metrics, and traces, and enables you to interact with your data through a conversational interface. Olly is Coralogix’s AI observability agent that makes logs, metrics, and traces easily accessible through natural language queries. Ask. Understand. Act — Instantly Users can ask questions like “Why is my app slow?” or “What’s wrong with the payment flow?” and get instant, actionable insights. Faster troubleshooting, less manual work Olly continuously scans telemetry to surface anomalies, identify likely root causes, and suggest next steps, helping teams reduce investigation time and resolve incidents faster. Transparent by Default Architecture Olly defaults to transparency, displaying all queries so users can verify correctness, understand the process, and improve practices. Olly emphasizes visibility, trust, auditability, and compliance with AI transparency standards. Built for the whole team Olly automatically scans all telemetry data to identify root causes and suggest fixes, eliminating manual investigation. It drastically reduces troubleshooting time, helping teams resolve issues faster and keep systems running smoothly. Built to democratize observability, Olly empowers all team members not just engineers—to understand and act on system behavior Responsible AI with Full Visibility Olly supports responsible AI practices by making outputs traceable and justifiable, with visibility into the logic behind each result, including the exact DataPrime and PromQL queries. Terms of service Olly services are provided in accordance with the Coralogix Master Subscription Terms and Addendum to Coralogix Master Subscription Terms- Olly Services Coralogix MCP The Model Context Protocol (MCP) server enables external AI agents to securely access and work with Coralogix observability data through a remote interface, making telemetry easier to query, analyze, and understand. AI Data Access Securely exposes Coralogix telemetry to external AI agents via MCP. Express-Based Architecture Express-Based Architecture – Uses a lightweight Express server for simple and flexible integration. Observability Intelligence Enables intelligent querying, analysis, and interaction with observability data. FAQs Cora AI AI Center Olly Coralogix MCP Activation &#038; Admin Rights Data Privacy Compliance Activation &#038; Admin Rights Is it on by default No Who can turn it on/off? By admins or by users that are provided the team- ai settings: Manage permission. Toggle switch on/off In the settings under account preferences Once activated, can individual users enable / disable it? By admin users or by users that are provided the team- aisettings:Manage permission Can the AI tool be activated or deactivated later? Yes, by admins or by users that are provided the team-aisettings: Manage permiss ion Data Privacy Is any data sent to third parties? Yes. Some tools use external AI services: OpenAI (used by AI Query Assistant & Explain Logs) Kapa AI (used by Knowledge Assistant) Is my data used for training these models? No, data is not used to train LLMs What data is Processed? It depends on the type of tool, for example Explain Logs: processes selected logs + metadata Query assistant: processes prompt + metadata Knowledge Assistant: processes only your question Where is the data processed? OpenAI: Runs on Microsoft Azure (US) Kapa AI: Sends prompts to OpenAI & Anthropic (US) Is data stored externally? Yes, up to 30 days, only to prevent abuse Compliance Is it GDPR compliant? Yes Can it be used with PHI (Protected Health Information)? No, it is not HIPAA compliant Activation &#038; Admin Rights Data Privacy Compliance Activation &#038; Admin Rights Is it on by default No Who can turn it on/off? Only admins. It requires specific configuration to be set up properly by the User admin. Additionally, access controls are implemented through RBAC , ensuring that only admin users or specific authorized users can access its features and functionalities Once activated, can individual users enable / disable it? Only by admin users Can the AI tool be activated or deactivated later? Yes, by admins Data Privacy Is any data sent to third parties? Only for the Evaluations feature utilizing Coralogix’s private deployment of Azure OpenAI Is my data used for training these models? No, data is not used to train LLMs What data is Processed? User-AI spans for evaluations Where is the data processed? Microsoft Azure data centers hosted by Microsoft Azure in USA, EU or Asia-Pacific Is data stored externally? No Compliance Is it GDPR compliant? Yes Can it be used with PHI (Protected Health Information)? No, it is not HIPAA compliant Activation &#038; Admin Rights Data Privacy Compliance Activation &#038; Admin Rights Is it on by default No Who can turn it on/off? Only customers, in the separate interface through Ollyhq.com, users must configure the AI agent and integrate it with their Coralogix data Once activated, can individual users enable / disable it? Only by admin users Can the AI tool be activated or deactivated later? Yes, by admins Data Privacy Is any data sent to third parties? Olly utilizes GPT model through Azure OpenAI by default, and various optional LLM providers which can be selected: Azure OpenAI’s GPT Large Language Models, are deployed completely inside Coralogix’s own Azure VPC. Since everything runs within Coralogix’s isolated cloud environment: No telemetry data data leaves Coralogix infrastructure. Third- party vendors such as OpenAI can not access or store your data Claude model is available (as an optional processing model which users can toggle) on Coralogix’s AWS VPC GCP through Google’s Vertex AI service with Endpoints which are configured with private endpoints only, with logical isolation Is my data used for training these models? No, data is not used to train LLMs What data is Processed? Processing of all telemetry data which is queried. This is including your logs, metrics and traces relevant to your query or investigation Where is the data processed? GPT model: Located in Microsoft Azure regions matching the customer selected AWS region. I.e. if the customer selected AWS hosting region is in EU, then the Processing datacenters will accordingly be in the EU. Claude model: Located in AWS regions matching the customer-selected AWS region. I.e. if the customer selected AWS hosting region is in EU then the Processing on AWS datacenters will accordingly be in the EU. Gemini model: Located in GCP regions matching the customer AWS selected region. I.e. if the customer selected AWS hosting region is in EU, then the Processing on GCP datacenters will accordingly be in the EU, however customers located in Asia should note that their data will be sent and processed in asia-south1-Mumbai, India, APAC Is data stored externally? No Compliance Is it GDPR compliant? Yes Can it be used with PHI (Protected Health Information)? Yes, it is HIPAA compliant Coralogix MCP Coralogix MCP Do I need to install anything? No, the server is remote and does not require any local installation. Can I use MCP with 3rd party AI tools? Yes, you can use MCP with other AI LLM’s or IDEs you choose to use. What is required to activate MCP? You simply add the configuration available here to you mcp.json and replace the endpoint and api key as detailed in the setup guide . Is it turned on by default? No What permissions are required? Depending on the data you would like to query, the following permissions are required for using the MCP server. Can the MCP be activated or deactivated later? By Whom? As the MCP connects to 3rd party AI tools, managing its use and permissions is associated with its use through the 3rd party tool itself. Customers are responsible for managing the permissions within their 3rd party tools. Is any data Processed by third parties? Customers select which 3rd party AI tools they will integrate with. Coralogix does not have any responsibility for the Processing which occurs on customers’ 3rd party AI tools. Is my data used for training these models? Coralogix remains isolated from those external processes. The data may be used according to the 3rd party AI LLM’s or IDEs you choose to use. What data is Processed? Data that you explicitly query from your Coralogix account. How do you avoid Cross-tenant data exposure? Logical segregations through separate endpoints and unique API keys. --> #post- --> Observability without compromising Store infinitely, search instantly and cut through the noise across every stack, region, and cloud Get a Demo Terms & Conditions Trust Center Website Terms Privacy Policy Cookies Policy © Coralogix Inc. 2026 Platform capabilities Remote, index-free querying Infinite retention DataPrime engine In-stream analysis &#038; alerting Cross-stack dashboards Cost optimization tool Platform APM RUM Infrastructure monitoring Log analytics AI discovery AI observability AI guardrails AI security &#038; compliance SIEM MDR Developers Docs Integrations Coralogix Academy Resources E-books and whitepapers Guides AI Guides Coralogix blog Company About Careers Events &#038; webinars Newsroom Logo Pack Contact Us Be Our Partner Complete this form to speak with one of our partner managers. Thank You Someone from our team will reach out shortly. Talk to you soon! &times; Loading... Suggested Olly User Guides Integrations Logo Kit Download our logo in high resolution Format: Print / Web Type: SVG, PNG, PDF, JPG Size: 1.4 MB Download Logo Package